RoboTamer the multi-paradigm php programming framework
======================================================

Object-oriented programming in PHP has become the thing to do recently.
I too have bought in to it, and have been educating my self about OOP.

OOP is okay, specially if you are working in a team, however I believe that there are advantages to procedural programming, specially for smaller projects. OOP is just so inefficacy versus the procedural paradigm.

With RoboTamer I am trying to create a platform, where we can take advantage of both programming paradigms as needed.

My outcome is to create something that 

 * minimally effects your programming style 
 * is easily adoptable
 * easy to learn
 * can fit within other frameworks, and scripts like worldpress
 
Basically , it's more like a set of helpers rather then a framework, but who knows what it will turn in to.





LICENSE, TERMS and CONDITIONS
-----------------------------

This software is licensed under the __GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE__ (LGPL) version 3
Please read the license here:  
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.txt

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

__ATTRIBUTION REQUIRED__  
All web pages generated by the use of this software, must include a link to http://github.com/pzzazz/RoboTamer and text of the link must indicate that the website's functionality is powered by RoboTamer. An example of an acceptable link would be *Powered by <a href="http://github.com/pzzazz/RoboTamer">RoboTamer</a>*. The location of the link is not important, it can be in the footer of the page, but it must not be hidden by style attributes.
   
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FREEBSD PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

